# Week of 01/15/2023 - 01/21/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/01/19/12:25

## Meeting End Time

2023/01/19/1:40

## Location/Medium

Library/In-Person

## Present

Jeremiah, Lyle, Bradley, Luke, Josh

## Minute Recorder

Jeremiah

## Topics Discussed
Helping each other with vue issues and questions.
Try to solve webgazer testing issue.
Discuss the newly implemented question types.
Discuss webgazer and how we will calibrate it.
Discuss how we will check if user looked at the right part of the screen if they don't have web camera.

## Things Clarified

Once the webgazer error is fixed, we can start implementing it and we should research it a little more to fully understand how it works if you are confused.
We will need to have a small calibration page to make the eye-tracking more accurate.
Instructor's Lesson versions task needs to start being created and implemented.


## Tasks Distributed
Eye Tracking Work:
- Jeremiah (hiding users camera, user calibration page)
- Josh (pausing, resuming webgazer after each quiz)

Work on separating the screen in four quadrants so we can check if user was looking in the right quadrant:
- Luke  

API/Separating models and cleaning/fixing modules work:
 - Bradley   

Creating vue components/Lesson work:
 - Lyle

The eyetracking team is trying to solve simple testing issue so we can start implementing it. Jeremiah and Josh will immediately start on their webgazer tasks mentioned above when they solve the testing error.
Luke is working hard on splitting the screen in quadrants and figuring that out.
Lyle is creating vue components and starting to create the lessons.
Bradley has been working hard on the module separation and cleaning up work and fixing issues in the api.
