# Week of 01/22/2023 - 01/29/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/01/24/12:25

## Meeting End Time

2023/01/24/1:40

## Location/Medium

Library/In-Person

## Present

Jeremiah, Lyle, Bradley, Luke, Josh

## Minute Recorder

Jeremiah

## Topics Discussed
- Discussed how cookies should work with the calibration page.
- Discussed when we should pause/resume webgazer on the application.
- Discussed the eyetracking types of questions and how those should work.

## Things Clarified
- Webgazer experience should be improved. Now since webgazer is implemented, we need to figure out how to check if user looked in right direction. We need to add an option for users who don't have webcam. We have multiple api/database errors and we need to solve them.


## Tasks Distributed
- Jeremiah: Integration Testing and Eye tracking work

- Lyle: Creating custom classes for instructors

- Luke: Creating eyetracking questions and figuring out how to check if use looked at correct quadrant on screen.

- Bradley: Solving database and modularity issues.  Incorporate linter.

- Josh: Eye tracking work

Jeremiah should fix the calibration page issue of showing up multiple times per user session with cookies(should only calibrate once per session). Found an integration test framework (crypress) and should now implement it and create tests.  
Josh should do more eye tracking work and figure out how to improve the webgazer experience. Should pause it after the quiz ends, and resume it when taking another quiz. 
Luke is fixing the eye-tracking questions and plans to figure out how to check if the user looked at the right part of the screen. 
Bradley is going to implement eslint into the project. He recently improved the modularity and switched the api module to typescript, and he plans on solving all of the api/database issues that came from the modularity fix. 
Lyle is going to implement creating custom classes for instructors, and the option to add students to classes. Instructor should make their own version of lessons for their classes.