# Week of 02/20/2023 - 02/26/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/02/23/12:30

## Meeting End Time

2023/02/23/01:30

## Location/Medium

Library/In-Person

## Present

Jeremiah, Lyle, Bradley, Luke, Josh

## Minute Recorder

Jeremiah

## Topics Discussed
- Discussed how instructors lessons should be stored, and if they should be separate db objects than the admin lessons.
- Discussed how everyone's tasks are going
- Discussed the quiz timer and how it should work. For example, if timer should go up or down.

## Things Clarified
- We need to finish/figure out the api layer testing. 
- Our UI looks good now, and maybe we could improve the color scheme a little bit.

## Tasks Distributed
- Bradley: Work on the instructor seeing their student's results and api testing. 
- Luke: Finish the Drag'n'Drop questions, and implement them into the quizzes when finished.
- Jeremiah: Finish up the custom classes for instructors feature, and fix the pages to show the lessons instead of singular videoclips.
- Lyle: Finish adding timer to the questions, and fix the clock stopping error that he is currently dealing with.
- Josh: Finish the instructor's name showing up on lessons and on students pages. 