# Week of 11/27/2022 - 12/03/2022

## Meeting Start Time

2022/11/29/08:00

## Meeting End Time

2022/11/29/09:15

## Location/Medium

Online/Huddle

## Present

Jeremiah, Lyle, Bradley, Luke, Josh

## Minute Recorder

Luke

## Topics Discussed
- API changes were made, Activity section was added to associate a Timestamp with a question Activity.
- Work on sessions for register/login pages is in progress and hopefully finished today/tomorrow.
- Work on files (from file upload page) to AWS still in progress, some problems were encountered and work is 
  contunuing to iron those out.
- A list of questions was compiled for tomorrow's client meeting.

## Things Clarified
- Josh, Lyle, and Jeremiah will work as a group to finish the register/login pages
- Luke will implement a section to associate an activity to the timestamps that are being saved to the db
- Bradley will continue working on saving uploaded video files to AWS 