# Week of 01/29/2023 - 02/4/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/02/16/11:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/02/16/12:15

## Location/Medium

Library/In-Person

## Present

Jeremiah, Lyle, Bradley, Luke

## Minute Recorder

Bradley

## Topics Discussed
- Everyone has started work on their current features. 
- Many design questions are arising, mostly related to storing nested objects and how to store different question types
=

## Things Clarified
- The debate of nesting objects is so far undecided, we are planning on meeting with Duncan for advice on how we should store the data
- For the different question types, we have a way of storing the data to fit the current question schema, but it may need to be cleaned up later
- Our rework of the UI has all been pulled and approved by everyone on the team.

## Tasks Distributed
- Bradley: Finish the data layer migration,research mongo storage options
- Luke: Create Drag'n'Drop question format
- Jeremiah: Work on creating custom classes for instructors based on admin classes.
- Lyle: Work on addign timer to all questions, and storing it
- Josh: Working on the instructor's name showing up on lessons and on students pages.