# Week of March 13th

## Meeting Start Time

2023/03/16/12:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/03/16/1:00

## Location/Medium

Library/In-Person

## Present

Jeremiah, Lyle, Bradley, Luke, Josh

## Minute Recorder

Lyle

## Topics Discussed
- More testing should be done.
- More styling for more accurate calibration.
- Few minor bug fixes

## Things Clarified
- With the new AWS server, we now need two .env files, one for back-end services and one for front-end services

## Tasks Distributed
- Luke is working on adapting the feedback for each question type, now that some questions will be timed.
- Jeremiah is working on styling the calibration system & creating more unit test.
- Josh is working on adding the timed variable received from questions to the user results.
- Bradley is working on  & creating more unit test.
- Lyle is working on creating a page for instructor users to see the quiz results for their students. 