# Week of February 27th

## Meeting Start Time

2023/03/02/12:15

## Meeting End Time

2023/03/02/11:00

## Location/Medium

Library/In-Person

## Present

Jeremiah, Lyle, Bradley, Luke, Josh

## Minute Recorder

Luke

## Topics Discussed
- There are a few issues with setting up a timer. We are searching for a way to make the parent component send a signal to the child component in order to return the time, but it appears currently that Vue is not reactive in that way.
- Drag and Drop questions were finalized by Luke.
- Ability to update Lesson Names was added by Jeremiah.
- Bradley is working on getting our Docker container running on an AWS server. There are some issues with the credentials, he is meeting with Duncan for assistance.

## Things Clarified
- No meeting with Brad over Spring Break, if we do send them something, it will most likely be a video describing our progress.
- The Timer branch was pushed so all of us can take a look at it and try to figure something out. 
- We will not meet as a team over Spring Break, but we all still have tasks to complete.

## Tasks Distributed
- Luke is now working on the question feedback feature.
- Jeremiah is working on the Class edit feature and work on instructor lessons.
- Josh is working on getting instructor names to appear with their lessons.
- Bradley is working on getting our project running on a web server.
- Lyle is continuing work on the Timer component, along with whoever has time to try and help figure out the issue.
