## Client Meeting on 10/12/2022

# Meeting Start Time
2022/10/12/14:00

# Meeting End Time
2022/10/12/15:00

# Location/Medium
Online/Zoom

# Present
Jeremiah, Bradley, Luke, Lyle, Joshua, Brad

# Minute Recorder
Luke

# Topics Discussed
- RefReps will use Freedcamp to display what they would like to see done, as well as keep tabs on our progress throughout 
  the project.
- RefReps interested in joining a slack channel to have a way to communicate with us easier and faster than through email.
- Went over our design documents with RefReps, recieved positive feedback as well as some suggestions on how to better word 
  some things (already on the same page as RefReps in regard to most project expectations).
- Discussed addition of a login system.
- Discussed prioritization of project features, namely eye-tracking and virtual reality.
- Discussed Virtual Reality and what RefReps had in mind regarding implementation.

# Things Clarified
- Freedcamp is being used as a medium to help guide us through their sprints and as a way to communicate progress on 
  features currently being worked on.
- Login system should be implemented to separate capabilities of a Student and an Admin.
- Eye-tracking is one of the higher priority features and also a main selling point of the software, while Virtual Reality 
  is a low priority feature, and is not to be the main focus of the software at this point.
- RefReps provided positive feedback on our design documents, they were happy to see that we are already thinking along the 
  same lines as them after only the first meeting.
- Next meeting to be held Wednesday, October 19.