## Client Meeting on 2/06/2023

# Meeting Start Time
12:30

# Meeting End Time
13:00

# Location/Medium
Online/Zoom

# Present
Jeremiah, Bradley, Josh, Luke, Brad, Lyle

# Minute Recorder
Luke

# Topics Discussed
- Ran the software and showed all of our features and how everything works. 
- Showed off the new question types
- Showed video quizzes with new question types, with eye-tracking both enabled and disabled
- Showed instructor class creation and adding students/videos to the class
- Showed that students can only see videos they have been assigned
- Confirmed fourth iteration features
- Walked through presentation and documentation for iteration day tommorrow
- He said our presentation and documentation were good, had good ideas on how to better implement eye tracking activities in the next iteration
- New concept for eye-tracking questions. 2 different versions, one that tracks throughout and checks where you are looking, and another that pauses the video and has you look at a specific point.
- New concept for answering eye-tracking questions. Change quadrant layout, from number of quadrants (2,3,4,etc) to layout of quadrants (all vertical, horizontal, etc)
- He really liked how the quadrants were highlighted on no-webcam eye tracking questions

# Things Clarified
- Next meeting will be 2-14. Back on schedule for meeting every Tuesday.
- New eye-tracking concepts discussed in the meeting will be added to the next iteration or final iteration features, depending on when we feel we can properly accomplish them.

# Client Use of the Project
How did the client use the software?
- The client took control of Luke's screen through Zoom

What features did they test in your software?
- Tested logging in as each user type
- Admin: 
    - Used AssignTimestamps page to view new question types and create a timestamp activity.
- Instructor: 
    - Used instructor page to create a class and add students, and assign videos to those students.
- Student: 
    - Created a student account that was placed in one of the classes.
    - Took a quiz (eye tracking had to be done by Luke).

How long did they use your software?
- For about 10 minutes.

How was their reaction to the software?
- Brad was impressed and very happy with our work. He liked the eye tracking, although it was not exactly as he pictured it. We discussed different ways that the eye tracking can function, whether it be tracking the user's eyes over a period of time, or pausing the video and having them look at a specific spot.
- Liked how straightforward using the site was.

Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
- The site worked as intended during the presentation. The only thing that was noted was the eye tracking, which he was not unhappy about. He very much liked it, he just opened the discussion on how to expand upon the eye tracking activities and add more ways it can be utilized in the lessons.\

Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
- There were no software issues during the presentation. Brad was able to create or use an account of each type, create new timestamps/activities, create/update classes, and take quizzes that were assigned to his student account.