# Client Meeting on 4/17/2023

## Meeting Start Time
12:30

## Meeting End Time
13:30

## Location/Medium
Online/Zoom

## Present
Jeremiah, Bradley, Josh, Luke, Brad, Lyle, Kyle

## Minute Recorder

Jeremiah

## Topics Discussed
 
 - They really like the hide red-dot feature.
 - They also really like the new feature that lets instructors see the time it tooks students to answer specific questions.
 - They said the new vertical column eye-tracking questions allow the eye-tracking questions to be more dynamic.
 - We discussed how our repository is public and how we plan on handing off our code to them.


## Things Clarified
 - The live website had a few bugs, but now everything should be fixed.


## Client Use of the Project

### How did the client use the software?
 - The client used a HTTPS site hosted using firebase.

### What features did they test in your software?
 - We had the client use the application as an student.
  - The client had tested both a vertical column and a quadrant eye tracking questions (using their webcam and one time without a webcam), a multiple choice question, and a Drag N Drop Question.
  - The client hid the red dot and used the calibration page.
 - We had the client use the application as an instructor
  - The client had set up the new vertical columns eye tracking question, a multiple choice question, and a Drag N Drop Question.
  - They also viewed the new instructor's results page and the student's times to answer certain questions.


### How long did they use your software?
 - The client used the application for almost 15 minutes

### How was their reaction to the software?
 - They eye-tracking is more accurate than I thought it would be.
 - The calibration page is very useful and they like how they can recalibrate if it isn't too accurate.
 - They said we have done great and that we have went above and beyond their expectations.
 - They said our styling looks good and improved from last meeting, and that they look forward to us handing off the code and them implementing our features.

### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
 - There was nothing unusual and different this time.
 - They really liked our application and have expressed how useful a lot of our features will be to them.

### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc. issues)
 - There are no longer any software bugs or issues.