# Mentor Meeting on 3/20/2023

## Meeting Start Time

2023/04/14/15:00

## Meeting End Time

2023/04/14/16:30

## Location/Medium

Online/Zoom

## Present
Josh, Luke, Bradley, Lyle, Jeremiah, Duncan

## Minute Recorder

Jeremiah    

## Topics Discussed
- Showed Duncan our documentation.
- We gave Duncan our website and he used it.
- He liked all of our features for this iteration.
- we discussed an issue with the favicon, and how to solve it.

## Things Clarified
- Favicon can be fixed by re-adding the favicon.ico in the public folder that was deleted by mistake.

## Feedback 
- Said our documentation looks really good.
- He said our application runs very smoothely.
- He is proud of our group and the application we produced.
- He said we had very good teamwork and communication. 
- He can't think of any other stylistic improvements we can make.