# Mentor Meeting on 10/10/2022

## Meeting Start Time

2022/10/10/14:00

## Meeting End Time

2022/10/10/15:20

## Location/Medium

Online/Zoom

## Present
Luke, Bradley, Joshua, Lyle, Jeremiah, Duncan

## Minute Recorder

Jeremiah

## Topics Discussed

- We discussed our design components with Duncan.
- He gave us feedback on them.
- He said that our use cases need to be worded a little differently (form: As a user, etc..)
- We discussed how we will be using apis/ if we will be creating one or not.
- Discussed the architecture/domain model and how they can be improved.
- Discussed questions that we need clarified with our client.

## Things Clarified

- Fix use cases and requirements.
- Clarify and discuss a few questions with our client through email before our client meeting on Wednesday at 2.