# Mentor Meeting on 11/04/2022

## Meeting Start Time

2022/12/6/14:00

## Meeting End Time

2022/12/6/14:50

## Location/Medium

Online/Zoom

## Present
Luke, Bradley, Joshua, Lyle, Jeremiah, Duncan

## Minute Recorder

Jeremiah    

## Topics Discussed

- discussed the struggles of testing and issues with testing we've had
- We showed our software and all of the new functionality and features.
- Duncan used our code through the zoom screen.
- We could get rid of the save timestamp modal
- In future iterations, we could change the activity button to red if not added, and green when added so that way the user knows which questions are added yet.
- css could be improved (with all of the links and ids)
- showed him our documentation

## Things Clarified

- He said our documentation looks good.
- We could improve simple styling things before we submit this iteration
- We discussed how soon we think we will implemenet eye-tracking software, and if we think we will reach the virtual reality stage.
- Just make sure we aren't too stressed out, and we take a break over christmas break.